1) Why is AWS more economical than traditional data centers for applications with varying compute
workloads?
Amazon EC2 instances can be launched on-demand when needed.

2) Which AWS service would simplify migration of a database to AWS?
AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS)

3) Which AWS offering enables customers to find, buy, and immediately start using software solutions in
their AWS environment?
AWS Marketplace

4) Which AWS networking service enables a company to create a virtual network within AWS?
Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC)

5) Which of the following is AWS's responsibility under the AWS shared responsibility model?
Maintaining physical hardware

6) Which component of AWS global infrastructure does Amazon CloudFront use to ensure low-latency
delivery?
AWS edge locations

7) How would a system administrator add an additional layer of login security to a user's AWS
Management Console?
Enable Multi-Factor Authentication

8) Which service can identify the user that made the API call when an Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud
(Amazon EC2) instance is terminated?
AWS CloudTrail

9) Which service would you use to send alerts based on Amazon CloudWatch alarms?
Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS)

10) Where can a customer find information about prohibited actions on AWS infrastructure?
AWS Acceptable Use Policy

11) Which of the following is a factor when calculating Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) for the AWS Cloud?
The number of servers migrated to AWS

12) Which AWS service can be used as a global content delivery network (CDN) service?
Amazon CloudFront

13) The firm you work for is considering migrating to AWS. They are concerned about cost and the inital investment needed.
Which of the following features of AWS pricing helps lower the initial investment amount needed?
The ability to pay as you go
No upfront costs

14) Your company has started using AWS. Your IT Security team is concerned with the security of hosting resources in the Cloud.
Which AWS service provides security optimization recommendations taht could help the IT Security team secure resources using AWS?
AWS Trusted Advisor

15) YOu are hosting a number of EC2 Instances on AWS. You are looking to monitor CPU Utilization on the Instances. Which service would
you use to collect and track performance metrics for AWS services?
Amazon CloudWatch

16) Which of the following support plans give access to all the checks in the Trusted Advisor service.
Business and Enterprise

17)Which of the following in the AWS maps to a separate geographic location?
AWS Region

18) If you wanted to monitor all events in your AWS account, which of the below services would you use?
AWS CloudTrail

19) Yoour development team is planning to host a development environment on the cloud. This consists of EC and RDS instances.
This environment will probably only be required for 2 months. Which types of instances would you use for this purpose?
On-Demand

20) Which of the following can be used to secure EC2 Instances?
Security Groups

21) Which of the following are responsible for AWS?
Management of Physical Server
Management of Edge locations

22) Which of the following services allows you to distribute load accross multiple EC2 Instances?
AWS Elastic Load Balancer

23) You have an application developed in .NET. This applications works with the S3 buckets in a particular region. The 
application is hosted on an EC2 Instance. Which of the following should ideally be used to ensure that the EC2 Instance has the 
appropriate access to the S3 buckets?
AWS IAM Roles

24)You have a requirement to host an application on an EC2 instance that will be used for a minimum of a year. Which of the following
would be the most cost-effective option?
Reserved Instances

25) Your firm has several independent AWS accounts and linked AWS accounts. What is the best way to manage monthly payment
invoices from AWS?
AWS Consolidated Billing

26) You need a storage solution that can be used to store a large quantity of archive documents. Which of the following storage solutions 
in AWS is best suited for this need?
Amazon Glacier

27) Where can a customer find information about prohibited actions on AWS infrastructure?
AWS Acceptable Use Policy

28) Which service would you use to send alerts based on Amazon CloudWatch alarms?
Amazon SNS

29) Which of the following services is a fully managed AWS database service?
Amazon DynamoDB

30) Which service can identify the user that made the API call when an Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instance 
is terminated?
AWS CloudTrail
